Exposing APIs into React Native (#280)
PDFTron/pdftron-react-native: API.md

/>
```

#### annotationListEditingEnabled
bool, optional, default value is true

> If the document editing is enabled, then this value determines whether the annotation list is readonly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If document editing is enabled, then this value determines if the annotation list is editable.
```

/>
```

#### userBookmarksListEditingEnabled

> bool, optional, defaults to true on Android and false on iOS

Reviewer: > false on iOS

This doesn't sound right to me.
